#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.10
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements/prod.in
#
aioredis==1.3.1
    # via channels-redis
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   cumulusci
    #   fs
asgiref==3.5.2
    # via
    #   channels
    #   channels-redis
    #   daphne
    #   django
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   aioredis
    #   redis
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   automat
    #   jsonschema
    #   service-identity
    #   twisted
authlib==1.1.0
    # via
    #   cumulusci
    #   simple-salesforce
autobahn==22.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/prod.in
    #   daphne
automat==20.2.0
    # via twisted
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via -r requirements/prod.in
bleach==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/prod.in
    #   sfdo-template-helpers
certifi==2022.9.24
    # via
    #   cumulusci
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   snowfakery
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   cumulusci
channels==3.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/prod.in
    #   channels-redis
channels-redis==3.4.1
    # via -r requirements/prod.in
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via
    #   cumulusci
    #   requests
    #   snowfakery
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   cumulusci
    #   rq
    #   snowfakery
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via
    #   cumulusci
    #   rich
constantly==15.1.0
    # via twisted
croniter==1.3.5
    # via rq-scheduler
cryptography==38.0.1
    # via
    #   authlib
    #   autobahn
    #   cumulusci
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   secretstorage
    #   service-identity
    #   sfdo-template-helpers
cumulusci==3.68.1
    # via -r requirements/prod.in
daphne==3.0.2
    # via channels
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   cumulusci
    #   python3-openid
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via redis
dj-database-url==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements/prod.in
django==4.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/prod.in
    #   channels
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-filter
    #   django-hashid-field
    #   django-js-reverse
    #   django-log-request-id
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-parler
    #   django-rq
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   sfdo-template-helpers
django-allauth==0.51.0
    # via -r requirements/prod.in
django-anymail[mailgun]==8.6
    # via -r requirements/prod.in
django-environ==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements/prod.in
django-filter==22.1
    # via sfdo-template-helpers
django-hashid-field==3.3.5
    # via -r requirements/prod.in
django-js-reverse @ https://github.com/ierror/django-js-reverse/archive/7cab78c4531780ab4b32033d5104ccd5be1a246a.tar.gz
    # via -r requirements/prod.in
django-log-request-id==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements/prod.in
django-model-utils==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements/prod.in
django-parler==2.3
    # via -r requirements/prod.in
django-rq==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements/prod.in
djangorestframework==3.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/prod.in
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   sfdo-template-helpers
docutils==0.16
    # via cumulusci
drf-spectacular==0.22.1
    # via -r requirements/prod.in
faker==15.0.0
    # via
    #   cumulusci
    #   snowfakery
fs==2.4.16
    # via cumulusci
furl==2.1.3
    # via -r requirements/prod.in
github3-py==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/prod.in
    #   cumulusci
greenlet==1.1.3.post0
    # via
    #   cumulusci
    #   snowfakery
    #   sqlalchemy
gvgen==1.0
    # via
    #   cumulusci
    #   snowfakery
hashids==1.3.1
    # via django-hashid-field
hiredis==2.0.0
    # via aioredis
honcho==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements/prod.in
hyperlink==21.0.0
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   twisted
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   cumulusci
    #   hyperlink
    #   requests
    #   snowfakery
    #   twisted
importlib-metadata==5.0.0
    # via
    #   cumulusci
    #   keyring
incremental==21.3.0
    # via twisted
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-spectacular
jeepney==0.8.0
    # via
    #   keyring
    #   secretstorage
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   cumulusci
    #   snowfakery
jsonschema==4.7.2
    # via drf-spectacular
keyring==23.0.1
    # via cumulusci
logfmt==0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/prod.in
    #   sfdo-template-helpers
lxml==4.9.1
    # via cumulusci
markdown==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/prod.in
    #   sfdo-template-helpers
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   cumulusci
    #   jinja2
    #   snowfakery
msgpack==1.0.4
    # via channels-redis
oauthlib==3.2.0
    # via requests-oauthlib
orderedmultidict==1.0.1
    # via furl
packaging==21.3
    # via redis
psutil==5.9.3
    # via cumulusci
psycopg2-binary==2.9.3
    # via -r requirements/prod.in
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   service-identity
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via service-identity
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   cffi
    #   cumulusci
pydantic==1.10.2
    # via
    #   cumulusci
    #   snowfakery
pygments==2.13.0
    # via
    #   cumulusci
    #   rich
pyjwt[crypto]==2.6.0
    # via
    #   cumulusci
    #   django-allauth
    #   github3-py
pyopenssl==22.0.0
    # via twisted
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via jsonschema
python-baseconv==1.2.2
    # via
    #   cumulusci
    #   snowfakery
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   croniter
    #   cumulusci
    #   faker
    #   github3-py
    #   rq-scheduler
    #   snowfakery
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via django-allauth
pytz==2022.5
    # via
    #   cumulusci
    #   djangorestframework
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/prod.in
    #   cumulusci
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   snowfakery
redis==4.3.4
    # via
    #   django-rq
    #   rq
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   cumulusci
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-anymail
    #   github3-py
    #   requests-futures
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   robotframework-requests
    #   salesforce-bulk
    #   simple-salesforce
    #   snowfakery
requests-futures==1.0.0
    # via cumulusci
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via django-allauth
rich==12.6.0
    # via cumulusci
robotframework==6.0
    # via
    #   cumulusci
    #   robotframework-lint
    #   robotframework-pabot
    #   robotframework-requests
    #   robotframework-seleniumlibrary
    #   robotframework-stacktrace
robotframework-lint==1.1
    # via cumulusci
robotframework-pabot==2.7.0
    # via cumulusci
robotframework-pythonlibcore==3.0.0
    # via
    #   cumulusci
    #   robotframework-seleniumlibrary
robotframework-requests==0.9.3
    # via cumulusci
robotframework-seleniumlibrary==5.1.3
    # via cumulusci
robotframework-stacktrace==0.4.1
    # via
    #   cumulusci
    #   robotframework-pabot
rq==1.10.1
    # via
    #   django-rq
    #   rq-scheduler
rq-scheduler==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements/prod.in
rst2ansi==0.1.5
    # via cumulusci
salesforce-bulk==2.2.0
    # via cumulusci
sarge==0.1.7.post1
    # via cumulusci
secretstorage==3.3.3
    # via keyring
selenium==3.141.0
    # via
    #   cumulusci
    #   robotframework-seleniumlibrary
sentry-sdk==1.8.0
    # via -r requirements/prod.in
service-identity==21.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/prod.in
    #   twisted
sfdo-template-helpers @ https://github.com/SFDO-Tooling/sfdo-template-helpers/archive/v0.20.0.tar.gz
    # via -r requirements/prod.in
simple-salesforce==1.11.4
    # via
    #   cumulusci
    #   salesforce-bulk
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   automat
    #   bleach
    #   cumulusci
    #   fs
    #   furl
    #   orderedmultidict
    #   python-dateutil
    #   salesforce-bulk
    #   service-identity
    #   snowfakery
snowfakery==3.4.0
    # via cumulusci
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==1.4.41
    # via
    #   cumulusci
    #   snowfakery
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via django
twisted[tls]==22.4.0
    # via daphne
txaio==22.2.1
    # via autobahn
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   cumulusci
    #   pydantic
    #   snowfakery
    #   twisted
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via
    #   cumulusci
    #   salesforce-bulk
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   cumulusci
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   github3-py
urllib3==1.26.12
    # via
    #   cumulusci
    #   requests
    #   selenium
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   snowfakery
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
whitenoise==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements/prod.in
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via deprecated
xmltodict==0.13.0
    # via cumulusci
zipp==3.10.0
    # via
    #   cumulusci
    #   importlib-metadata
zope-interface==5.4.0
    # via twisted

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
